[Network]Add Microsoft.Network/privateLinkServices configuration to support the private endpoint connection (#18000)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Network/Network/ChangeLog.md

--->

## Upcoming Release
* Supported `Microsoft.Network/privateLinkServices` in `Get-AzPrivateEndpointConnection` [#16984].
* Provided friendly message if resource type is not supported for private endpoint connection features [#17091].

>     - `Get-AzPrivateEndpointConnection`
>     - `Get-AzPrivateLinkResource`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Thanks

--->

## Upcoming Release

> * Fixed unsupports Microsoft.Network/privateLinkServices [#16984].
>     - `Get-AzPrivateEndpointConnection`
> * Fixed shows friendly message if rp and resource is not supported [#17091].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supported Microsoft.Network/privateLinkServices [#16984].
* Provided friendly message if resource type is not supported for private endpoint connection features [#17091].
```
